= Should Require Login macro

 ----

Firstly, and as is true with Rails, this plugin is 
{opinionated software}[http://www.oreillynet.com/pub/a/network/2005/08/30/ruby-rails-david-heinemeier-hansson.html]
It makes certain assumptions about the design of your application and the 
resources which are available.  Please be sure to fully read and understand
this document <b>before complaining</b> to the author. ;)

=== What's it do?

This plugin adds a method to your functional tests which is creatively named
<tt>should_require_login</tt>.  This assertion will verify that the given 
list of views (with optional request parameters) requires that a user be 
authenticated prior to successful access.

==== How's it do that?

To verify that authentication is required, the assertion will check that 
accessing each given view, when no user is signed in, will result in a
redirection to your sign in page (oh, by the way, you are required to have 
a <b>named route called <tt>login_url</tt></b>).

The encapsulation of the assertion logic is written for 
Shoulda[http://www.thoughtbot.com/projects/shoulda], and so using 
<b>Shoulda is required</b>.  (opinionated, remember?)

While I'm mentioning these nuances, I should also mention that you're required
to also have the following methods available:

<b><tt>login_as(user/nil)</tt></b>:: To set the user with whom the test should login.  This method should also accept +nil+ to log in as nobody.


=== Example

Since this plugin will really only work with Shoulda (you read that already, 
right?), here you go:

    class FoosControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase
      
      context 'FooController' do
      
        should_require_login :new, :edit
        should_require_login :create,     :method => :post,   :params => {:name => 'bar'}
        should_require_login :update,     :method => :put,    :params => { :id => 1 },    :with_user => lambda { users(:foo) }
        should_require_login :destroy,    :method => :delete
      
      end
      
    end

 -----

=== Contribution

The source for this plugin is stored in git[http://git.or.cz/] and can be 
found on GitHub[http://github.com/nbibler/should_require_login].  Feel free
to fork and modify it as you see fit.  I can't guarantee that I'll like what
you do, or that I'll accept your changes into my repository, but that's the 
joy (<i>and pain</i>) of git and of Open Source. ;)


===== Copyright information and attributions

I can't take the full credit for this plugin, merely for the pain of writing
the same tests over and over and over and over again.  The true inspiration 
for this plugin is rooted in that grief and then coming across the 
{Coulda Shoulda Woulda}[http://www.metaskills.net/2008/5/30/coulda-shoulda-woulda]
post by {Ken Collins}[http://github.com/metaskills].  I've extended it a bit 
to add support for request parameters and HTTP request methods.

Copyright (c) 2008 {Nathaniel E. Bibler}[http://www.nathanielbibler.com], 
released under the MIT license.
